Add more porting instructions to README (#57)
FreeRTOS/coreMQTT-Agent: README.md

**OR**
* Passed as compile time preprocessor macros

## Porting the coreMQTT Agent Library
In order to use the MQTT Agent library on a platform, you need to supply thread safe functions for the agent's [messaging interface](source/include/core_mqtt_agent_message_interface.h).

### Messaging Interface
Each of the following functions must be thread safe.

| Function Pointer | Description |
| :-: | --- |

> | `MQTTAgentMessageSend_t` | A function that sends `MQTTAgentCommand_t *` pointers to be received by `MQTTAgent_CommandLoop`. This can be implemented by pushing to a thread safe queue. |

Reviewer: Instead of providing the `MQTTAgentCommand_t *`, wouldn't it be easier for a reader to mention just generically that this function enables commands to be sent to a thread-safe queue. Similarly, for the `MQTTAgentMessageRecv_t` function, it can say that it enabled commands to be reach from a thread-safe queue

Author: I thought it's better to be more specific here since `MQTTAgentCommand_t *` is part of the function prototype, so they will be dealing with it when implementing the function.

| `MQTTAgentMessageRecv_t` | A function used by `MQTTAgent_CommandLoop` to receive `MQTTAgentCommand_t *` that were sent by API functions. This can be implemented by receiving from a thread safe queue. |

> | `MQTTAgentCommandGet_t` | A function that returns a pointer to an allocated `MQTTAgentCommand_t` structure, to be used for information and arguments for a command to be executed by `MQTTAgent_CommandLoop()`. If using dynamic memory, this can be implemented using `malloc()`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MQTTAgentCommandGet_t` | A function that returns a pointer to an allocated command object (of `MQTTAgentCommand_t` type) that is executed by the MQTT Agent command loop. If using dynamic memory, this can be implemented using `malloc()`. |
```

| `MQTTAgentCommandRelease_t` | A function called to indicate that a command structure that had been allocated with the `MQTTAgentCommandGet_t` function pointer will no longer be used by the agent, so it may be freed or marked as not in use. If using dynamic memory, this can be implemented with `free()`. |

Reference implementations for the interface functions can be found in the [reference examples](#reference-examples) below.
### Additional Considerations

#### Static Memory
If only static allocation is used, then the `MQTTAgentCommandGet_t` and `MQTTAgentCommandRelease_t` could instead be implemented with a pool of `MQTTAgentCommand_t` structures, with a queue or semaphore used to control access and provide thread safety. The below [reference examples](#reference-examples) use static memory with a command pool.

#### Subscription Management

> The MQTT Agent does not track subscriptions for MQTT topics. The receipt of any incoming PUBLISH packet will result in the invocation of a single `MQTTAgentIncomingPublishCallback_t` callback, which is passed to `MQTTAgent_Init()` for initialization. If it is desired for different functions to be invoked for different incoming topics, then the publish callback will have manage subscriptions and fan out messages. A platform independent subscription manager example is implemented in the [reference examples](#reference-examples) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MQTT Agent does not track subscriptions for MQTT topics. The receipt of any incoming PUBLISH packet will result in the invocation of a single `MQTTAgentIncomingPublishCallback_t` callback, which is passed to `MQTTAgent_Init()` for initialization. If it is desired for different handlers to be invoked for different incoming topics, then the publish callback will have to manage subscriptions and fan out messages. A platform independent example module for subscription manager is implemented in the [reference examples](#reference-examples) below.
```
